hi we turn back again for
new video even that will you
introduce microsoft security essential
which is a totally free antivirus
created by microsoft
we go right now for the video
windows custeau ming
so as I told you previously
of microsoft security essential is a
antivirus created by microsoft and that is
totally free and besser who
works with almost every
windows at kursaal windows xp at windows
vista windows 7 but also windows 8
it's an Indian a very antivirus
effective so that's why I
you recommend it and whoever
totally free
it's not like other antivirus
you have just thirty days to
try it more to buy that one
is totally free it is very
effective starts directly with
the installation so you will find in
him the link in the description that in
allow you to download the archived
who is here so once downloaded
you click here no need to
unzip so you fall on ground and
so there you will choose the version of
your computer
so if it's an xp or here at windows
vista or 7 that works on 64 bits
click here if they walk on 38 or
click here so me it's 64 bits
so I double click here the
decompression starts to get l
installation
will come right away so see the man
I can already closed these and you have
now the installation module so
the other quick you click next
ditto here hawks download then accept
there if you want to participate in
Product improvement program you
click here otherwise you do not give in after
click here it's like a ball of which I
participate and I invite you to read that
is that which is here before accepting
complicated cases again on
next you leave check here
next you wait for it to settle
so that's shield putting on
facilities so I'm doing a little
ellipses so once the installation
finished you have these here the claj you
strongly advise to click on
analyze my computer
immediately after obtaining
days so once you
will have to click on finish my fangs
do not know what ms will start and
directly make a small sum a
little analysis to see if there is no
of the virus so you click on finish
and so here
microsoft is now installed then
to already make a small overview of
geologists
you have updates to install
these are updates for you better
defend against neo new viruses and
spyware at the club
seeing that I made it I already had
installed the gentleman I already had
installed so I uninstalled for
the salah schedule has a lot I do not have
need to make this day so the
updates are completed to see
here that your taxes go down and so
protected because the used one was up to date
again the man starting in
the reception power several several
windows there first here the state of your
club girlfriend real-time protection
is activated and I advise you
strongly to activate them so the
definition of viruses so the updates to
day in the heart
all the old fartless are put to
wholesale day in the options of
the analysis you can actually do three
years three analyzes one that will
fast so she'll check all the
all the potential places
infected with viruses
so it will not analyze all your pc
against the options full analysis
will scan file by file
to detect all the viruses that can
have on your pc
so the man doing the analysis
fast can take about two hours
fifteen complete with me more than 18
hours it also depends on performance
pc and a plastic is extremely
fast that I for example him giga
of ram goes men were going faster
the snow is going to be faster than
testicle only 1 giga g so me
it's 17 hours, but it's analyzed as
all cahuzac files had his pc
docu the two million files and
of course and to customize it for
customize it is the analysis that the
records you analyze it so if you
think that a folder has been affected by
a virus can have you can analyze
that this folder then the details of
the nisa
so you do not need to h 15 be
you who do a quicko alive
complete so every every
Sundays at about 2 am
a quick scan is going to be going to be
done but safe if your computer
is on
or on standby at the club it will be done
automatically
you can of course change the
planning the analysis and yes so
there you can see if fast analysis
complete so I advise you a
quick analysis it takes a lot less
of time wants to choose your day so
once a week or so every
days and time you want
whether it's done so there you can
you are not really obliging the
all that is blue does not touch him
I do not advise you not to touch
appears limitation of use of him
so this is your memory your ram so
he will accuse half of this drama if
you see that you have a very pc
performant want to put 100% or so
your pc boys of a more wants to put that
this month 10%
of course be a little slower so
the protection in real time I you
strongly advises active and why
every time you settle in
example of programs you change a
folder where does not matter in our
program so will be analyzed quickly
making power if there is not a virus
who got involved so we action by
defect you absolutely touch nothing
and so here is oxfam the presentation of
sir is to put an end ine
still a little trick so in the
options the analysis
I strongly advise you to do
less than once a month an analysis
complete your pc
which will be hard and b / long but
like that you are sure not to be
affected by a virus by clicking here this
fast I also advise you to do
a quick analysis from the end of
the installation of the m which will be analyzed
has now and so it's going to be
directly analyze your pc there
now so that if the state denied this
directory but now protected so
thank you for telling me at the next
this video is now over you
liked this video do not forget to
click on I like at the bottom of the video and
as well as subscribe to my channel
youtube windass custeau ming if you
have problems suggestions
questions to ask do not hesitate to
comment to send an email to
windows customize @ gmail pantone
payment is blamed video